link COMPLETED.md in main roadmap page (#429)
astropy/astropy-project: roadmap/roadmap.md

- [Introduction](#Introduction)
- [Status Legend](#Status-Legend)
- [Functionality](#Functionality)
- [Hardware and Performance](#Hardware-and-Performance)
- [Learn and User Support](#Learn-and-User-Support)
- [Community Building and Sustainability](#Community-Building-and-Sustainability)
- [Infrastructure, Documentation](#Infrastructure-Documentation)
- [Government, Management, and Personnel](#government-management-and-personnel)

> For completed items, see [our dedicated page](COMPLETED.md).

Reviewer: See the [Roadmap Completed Items]
```suggestion
See the [Roadmap Completed Items](COMPLETED.md) page for items that completed and removed from the roadmap.
```
